I see this trash
He was actually defeated by Guan Yunting
Why did Xu suddenly investigate the orphanage?
Won't find anything
Hello, this is Sunshine Orphanage.
What's the matter, please?
I want to ask
Is there one recently?
A woman in her 50s
Came to the orphanage to investigate
A girl with a cloud birthmark
That's not very convenient.
Wrong, I'm his relative
I'm worried about him.
I have a grandson who will do it
of
Oh, I see.
Give me a taste.
Where are customers being locked up?
What's wrong, maybe it's a mango allergy?
You are allergic to mangoes
Well, it's all my fault for being greedy
I thought it would be okay to eat a little
He won't eat it.
Xu Yu is also allergic to Bangkok
Coincidentally, too many orders.
Previous DNA identification report
Will there be any problem?
Wait for me.
Light Snow
You go and check the previous inspector carefully.